Feat: Schemas for input validation and documentation (#1888)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/input-variable-validation-BETA.md

# Validation of Input Variables (BETA)

> !!! BETA

Reviewer: If this is intended to be rendered on a single line, it is currently not

Author: It renders correctly on mkdocs (avd.sh) https://claus.readthedocs.io/en/avd-schema-support/docs/input-variable-validation-BETA.html

    - The Type Conversion and Validation task is currently only enabled by default on `eos_cli_config_gen`. Run with `--tags validate` to test validation on `eos_designs`.
    - Schemas for all input data models are still under development
    - Some schema validations are not implemented yet.

`eos_designs` and `eos_cli_config_gen` supports a wide range of input variables described under the role documentation sections.

Internally the supported data models are described in a proprietary "AVD Schema" format, which is used to perform validation of
the input variables at run-time. The same schema is also used to generate the role documentation describing the supported data
models.

For details on the schema format see the [Schema Details](#schema-details) section below.

> ## Automatic Type Conversion

Reviewer: This section lacks a list of the available types

Reviewer: this is available two sections later but in this section about type conversion I am wondering if this is not useful already

Author: The supported types under convert_types depend on the schema type. I will explain this and add a link to the schema details.

Author: Added a table.

Ex. the old data model:

```yaml
tenants:
  mytenant:
    vrfs:
      myvrf:
        ...
```

will be changed to:

```yaml
tenants:
  - name: mytenant
    vrfs:
      - name: myvrf
        ...
```

To allow a gracious introduction of this data-model change in late 3.x versions, the input data will be converted automatically
and validated according to the new model.

Type conversion is turned on by default, but can be disabled or adjusted with the options described in the next section.

## Validation Options

By defauilt `arista.avd.validate` plugin runs type conversion first, and then performs validation of the converted data, reporting
validation issues as warnings - not blocking the playbook. This behavior can be adjusted by setting the variables described
below.

The validation task can be skipped entirely by adding `--skip-tags validate` to the `ansible-playbook` command-line.

```yaml
# Conversion Mode for arista.avd.validate | Optional
# During conversion, messages will generated with information about the host(s) and key(s) which required conversion
# "disabled" means that conversion will not run.
# "warning" will produce warning messages

> # "message" will produce regular messages

Reviewer: What does regular message means here? like "info" log?

Author: Yeah I will change to "info"

> # "debug" will produce hidden messages viewable with -v

Reviewer: `.` or not `.` at the end of line? (same for the next section)

Author: fixed

# The converted data is set as facts which can be seen with -v, but is more readable with -vvv
avd_validate_conversion_mode: < "disabled" | "warning" | "message" | "debug" | default -> "debug" >

# Validation Mode for arista.avd.validate | Optional
# During validation, messages will generated with information about the host(s) and key(s) which failed validation
# "disabled" means that validation will not run.
# "error" will produce error messages and fail the task.
# "warning" will produce warning messages
# "message" will produce regular messages
# "debug" will produce hidden messages viewable with -v

> avd_validate validation_mode: < "disabled" | "error" | "warning" | "message" | "debug" | default -> "warning" >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
avd_validate_validation_mode: < "disabled" | "error" | "warning" | "message" | "debug" | default -> "warning" >
```

Author: fixed

```

## Schema Details

The AVD Schema format is a proprietary schema, inspired from JSON Shema, Ansible Argument Specificion and Arista
Cloudvision Studios formats.

> The AVD Schema have special features which are not supported or possible with any of the mentioned schema formats.

Reviewer: Does it mean we will have to convert to CVP Studios formats to be able to use there?

Author: Yes the AVD Schema is not directly applicable to Studios. But I have started building a converter, which takes care of the differences. (separate PR)

- [`eos_designs` AVD Schema](../roles/eos_designs/schemas/eos_designs.schema.yml)
- [`eos_cli_config_gen` AVD Schema](../roles/eos_cli_config_gen/schemas/eos_cli_config_gen.schema.yml)

The supported schema options depends of the type of variable that is described. The supported types are `int`, `bool`, `str`,
`dict` and `list`. The schema does not support mixed types for the same variable, but the automatic type conversion mentioned
above, can address the usability aspect by helping the user with common mistakes.

The supported schema options for AVD Schema are described in a meta-schema using JSON Schema Draft-7 format. The meta-schema
can be seen [here](../plugins/plugin_utils/schema/avd_meta_schema.json). Below is a more detailed description of the supported
schema options per variable type.

### Schema Options for type `int` (Integer)

| Key | Type | Required | Default | Value Restrictions | Description |
| ----| ---- | -------- | ------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| <samp>type</samp> | String | True | | Valid Values:<br>- `"int"` | Type of variable using the Python short names for each type.<br>`int` for Integer |

> | <samp>convert_types</samp> | List | | | | List of types to auto-convert from.<br>For type `int`, auto-conversion is supported from `bool` and `str`" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <samp>convert_types</samp> | List | | | | List of types to auto-convert from.<br>For type `int`, auto-conversion is supported from `bool` and `str` |
```

Author: Fixed

> | <samp>&nbsp;&nbsp;- \<str\></samp> | String | | | Valid Values:<br>- `"bool"`<br>- `"str"` | |

Reviewer: Not sure this is very readable wondering if having one line with "List of Strings" would not be better here

Author: I found out that I forgot to add `List, Items: String` to the line above. Still it makes sense to have a line for the items schema, since this could be anything - ex a dict.

> | <samp>default</samp> | Integer | | | | Default value |

Reviewer: Are `default` and `required` mutually exclusive, if not what takes precedence? (I would prefer mutually exclusive)

Author: They should be mutually exclusive I guess. Default is not implemented yet, so it is only for documentation. The plan is to actually insert the default value in the data - as part of the conversion step - so we don't have to handle these defaults everywhere in the code (I thought you might be happy about that :)

Author: I will work on the meta schema to make them mutually exclusive. Same with required and primary_key

| <samp>max</samp> | Integer | | | | Maximum value |
| <samp>min</samp> | Integer | | | | Minimum value |
| <samp>valid_values</samp> | List | | | | List of valid values |
| <samp>&nbsp;&nbsp;- \<int\></samp> | Integer | | | | |

> | <samp>dynamic_valid_values</samp> | String | | | | Path to variable under the parent dictionary containing valid values.<br>Variable path use dot-notation and variable path must be relative to the parent dictionary.<br>If an element of the variable path is a list, every list item will unpacked.<br>Note that this is building the schema from values in the _data_ being validated! |

Reviewer: Maybe let's make the `Note` part in bold

Author: not understood

Author: I will make it bold

Author: done

| <samp>display_name</samp> | String | | | Regex Pattern: `"^[^\n]+$"` | Free text display name for forms and documentation (single line) |
| <samp>description</samp> | String | | | Minimum Length: 1 | Free text description for forms and documentation (multi line) |
| <samp>required</samp> | Boolean | | | | Set if variable is required |
| <samp>$ref</samp> | String | | | | Reference to Sub Schema using JSON Schema resolver<br>Example '#/keys/mykey' will resolve the schema for 'mykey' under the root dictionary of the current schema |

The meta-schema does not allow for other keys to be set in the schema.

### Schema Options for type `bool` (Boolean)

| Key | Type | Required | Default | Value Restrictions | Description |
| ----| ---- | -------- | ------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| <samp>type</samp> | String | True | | Valid Values:<br>- `"bool"` | Type of variable using the Python short names for each type.<br>`bool` for Boolean |

> | <samp>convert_types</samp> | List | | | | List of types to auto-convert from.<br>For type `bool`, auto-conversion is supported from `int` and `str`" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <samp>convert_types</samp> | List | | | | List of types to auto-convert from.<br>For type `bool`, auto-conversion is supported from `int` and `str` |
```

Author: fixed

| <samp>display_name</samp> | String | | | Regex Pattern: `"^[^\n]+$"` | Free text display name for forms and documentation (single line) |
| <samp>description</samp> | String | | | Minimum Length: 1 | Free text description for forms and documentation (multi line) |
| <samp>required</samp> | Boolean | | | | Set if variable is required |
| <samp>$ref</samp> | String | | | | Reference to Sub Schema using JSON Schema resolver<br>Example '#/keys/mykey' will resolve the schema for 'mykey' under the root dictionary of the current schema |

The meta-schema does not allow for other keys to be set in the schema.

### Schema Options for type `str` (String)

| Key | Type | Required | Default | Value Restrictions | Description |
| ----| ---- | -------- | ------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| <samp>type</samp> | String | True | | Valid Values:<br>- `"str"` | Type of variable using the Python short names for each type.<br>`str` for String |
| <samp>case_sensitive</samp> | Boolean | | True | | Perform value validations with case sensitivity or not. |

> | <samp>convert_types</samp> | List | | | | List of types to auto-convert from.<br>For type `str`, auto-conversion is supported from `bool` and `int`" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <samp>convert_types</samp> | List | | | | List of types to auto-convert from.<br>For type `str`, auto-conversion is supported from `bool` and `int` |
```

Author: fixed

| <samp>default</samp> | String | | | | Default value |
| <samp>&nbsp;&nbsp;- \<str\></samp> | String | | | Valid Values:<br>- `"bool"`<br>- `"int"` | |

> | <samp>format</samp> | String | | | Valid Values:<br>- `"ipv4"`<br>- `"ipv4_cidr"`<br>- `"ipv6"`<br>- `"ipv6_cidr"`<br>- `"ip"`<br>- `"cidr"`<br>- `"mac"` | Expected format of the string value.<br>`ipv4` accepts a single IPv4 address (x.x.x.x)<br>`ipv4_cidr` accepts an IPv4 CIDR (x.x.x.x/x)<br>`ipv6` accepts a single IPv6 address (x:x::x:x)<br>`ipv6_cidr` accepts an IPv6 CIDR (x:x::x:x/x)<br>`ip` accepts a single IPv4 or IPv6 address<br>`cidr` accepts an IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR<br>`mac` accepts a MAC address (xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx) |

Reviewer: There is some bad rendering in Github Markdown of the IPv6 (can see the Red Cross emoji)

Author: i will enclose the x:xx etc in backticks

Author: fixed

| <samp>max_length</samp> | Integer | | | | Maximum length |
| <samp>min_length</samp> | Integer | | | | Minimum length |

> | <samp>pattern</samp> | String | | | Format: Regex | A regular expression which will be matched on the variable value.<br>The regular expression should be valid according to the ECMA 262 dialect<br>Remember to use double escapes |

Reviewer: Maybe a link to some ECMA 262 reference? + an example of double escapes

```suggestion
| <samp>pattern</samp> | String | | | Format: Regex | A regular expression which will be matched on the variable value.<br>The regular expression should be valid according to the ECMA 262 format<br>Remember to use double escapes |
```

Author: I will update with a link and use the terminology they use

Author: replaced with a reference to jsoni schema where it is explained much clearer than ecma 262.

> | <samp>valid_values</samp> | List | | | | List of valid values |

Reviewer: Expected combination outcome of pattern / valid_values / min_length / max_length and format?

Author: Each are evaluated on their own. If several of them fail, you will get an error of each "rule"

Author: add details to input validation doc that each schema rule is validated individually so it is possible to create schemas that has conflicting requirements hence not allow any value.

Author: done

| <samp>display_name</samp> | String | | | Regex Pattern: `"^[^\n]+$"` | Free text display name for forms and documentation (single line) |
| <samp>description</samp> | String | | | Minimum Length: 1 | Free text description for forms and documentation (multi line) |
| <samp>required</samp> | Boolean | | | | Set if variable is required |
| <samp>$ref</samp> | String | | | | Reference to Sub Schema using JSON Schema resolver<br>Example '#/keys/mykey' will resolve the schema for 'mykey' under the root dictionary of the current schema |

The meta-schema does not allow for other keys to be set in the schema.

### Schema Options for type `list` (List)

| Key | Type | Required | Default | Value Restrictions | Description |
| ----| ---- | -------- | ------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| <samp>type</samp> | String | True | | Valid Values:<br>- `"list"` | Type of variable using the Python short names for each type.<br>`list` for List |

> | <samp>convert_types</samp> | List | | | | List of types to auto-convert from.<br>For `list` auto-conversion is supported from `dict` if `primary_key` is set on the list schema" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <samp>convert_types</samp> | List | | | | List of types to auto-convert from.<br>For `list` auto-conversion is supported from `dict` if `primary_key` is set on the list schema |
```

Author: fixed

| <samp>default</samp> | List | | | | Default value |
| <samp>items</samp> | Dict | | | | Dictionary describing the schema of each list item. This is a recursive schema, so the value must conform to AVD Schema |
| <samp>max_length</samp> | Integer | | | | Maximum length |
| <samp>min_length</samp> | Integer | | | | Minimum length |

> | <samp>primary_key</samp> | String | | | Pattern: `^[a-z][a-z0-9_]*$` | Name of a primary key in a list of dictionaries.<br>The configured key is implicitly required and must have unique values between the list elements |

Reviewer: (TODO) - check: do we raise if the primary_key is missing / is not unique

Author: We do. Both checks (required and unique) are implemented in the validator

| <samp>display_name</samp> | String | | | Regex Pattern: `"^[^\n]+$"` | Free text display name for forms and documentation (single line) |

> | <samp>description</samp> | String | | | Minimum Length: 1 | Free text description for forms and documentation (multi line) |

Reviewer: Does `Minimum Length: 1` means that it is mandatory (Required)? if so we should state so in the table

Author: it does not. It only looks at the length if the value is set (and not None)

| <samp>required</samp> | Boolean | | | | Set if variable is required |
| <samp>$ref</samp> | String | | | | Reference to Sub Schema using JSON Schema resolver<br>Example '#/keys/mykey' will resolve the schema for 'mykey' under the root dictionary of the current schema |

The meta-schema does not allow for other keys to be set in the schema.

### Schema Options for type `dict` (Dictionary)

| Key | Type | Required | Default | Value Restrictions | Description |
| ----| ---- | -------- | ------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| <samp>type</samp> | String | True | | Valid Values:<br>- `"dict"` | Type of variable using the Python short names for each type.<br>`dict` for Dictionary |

> | <samp>default</samp> | List | | | | Default value |

Reviewer: Hmmm default value is a of type `List`?

Author: Typo Fixed.

# Validation of Input Variables (BETA)

!!! BETA
    - The Type Conversion and Validation task is currently only enabled by default on `eos_cli_config_gen`. Run with `--tags validate` to test validation on `eos_designs`.
    - Schemas for all input data models are still under development
    - Some schema validations are not implemented yet.

> `eos_designs` and `eos_cli_config_gen` supports a wide range of input variables described under the role documentation sections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`eos_designs` and `eos_cli_config_gen` support a wide range of input variables described under the role documentation sections.
```

Internally the supported data models are described in a proprietary "AVD Schema" format, which is used to perform validation of
the input variables at run-time. The same schema is also used to generate the role documentation describing the supported data
models.

For details on the schema format see the [Schema Details](#schema-details) section below.

## Automatic Type Conversion

The validation of input variables is performed by the `arista.avd.validate` Action Plugin. The plugin also supports automatic
conversion of variable types, if configured in the schema. The supported types that can be converted from depends on the type to
be converted to. The current implementation supports the following automatic conversions:

| From (`convert_types`) | To (`type`) |
| ---------------------- | ----------- |
| `bool`, `str` | `int` |
| `int`, `str` | `bool` |
| `bool`, `int` | `str` |
| `dict`* | `list` |

> *) Conversion from `dict` to `list` is only supported when `primary_key` is set on the `list` schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\* Conversion from `dict` to `list` is only supported when `primary_key` is set on the `list` schema.
```

> An example of input variable conversion is `bgp_as`. `bgp_as` is expected as a string (`str`) since a 32-bit AS numbers can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An example of input variable conversion is `bgp_as`. `bgp_as` is expected as a string (`str`) since 32-bit AS numbers can be
```

> written with dot-notation ex. `"65001.10000"`. Most deployments only use 16-bit AS numbers ex. `bgp_as: 65001`, and this value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
written with dot-notation ex. `"65001.10000"`. Most deployments only use 16-bit AS numbers ex. `bgp_as: 65001`, this value
```

> will be interpreted as an integer in YAML, unless it is enclosed in quotes ex. `bgp_as: "65001"`. In the schema for `bgp_as` the

Reviewer 2: Consider an alternate to ex in technical document. See https://developers.google.com/style/format-examples

`convert_types` option is configured to `['int']` which instructs the `arista.avd.validate` Action Plugin to automatically convert
`bgp_as: 65001` to `bgp_as: "65001"`.

> Type conversion is also used for introducing changes to the data models without affecting existing deployments. In AVD 4.0 the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Type conversion is also used for introducing changes to the data models without affecting existing deployments. For example,
```

> data models using "Dictionaries with wildcard keys" will be changed to lists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
in AVD 4.0, the data models using "Dictionaries with wildcard keys" will be changed to lists.
```

Ex. the old data model:

```yaml
tenants:
  mytenant:
    vrfs:
      myvrf:
        ...
```

will be changed to:

```yaml
tenants:
  - name: mytenant
    vrfs:
      - name: myvrf
        ...
```

> To allow a gracious introduction of this data-model change in late 3.x versions, the input data will be converted automatically

Reviewer 2: Alternate rewrite "The input data will be converted automatically and validated according to the new model to allow a gracious introduction of this data-model change in late 3.x versions"

and validated according to the new model.

> Type conversion is turned on by default, but can be disabled or adjusted with the options described in the next section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Type conversion is turned on by default but can be disabled or adjusted with the options described in the next section.
```

## Validation Options

> By defauilt `arista.avd.validate` plugin runs type conversion first, and then performs validation of the converted data, reporting

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default `arista.avd.validate` plugin runs type conversion first and then performs validation of the converted data, reporting
```

```yaml
# Conversion Mode for arista.avd.validate | Optional
# During conversion, messages will generated with information about the host(s) and key(s) which required conversion.
# "disabled" means that conversion will not run.
# "warning" will produce warning messages.
# "info" will produce regular log messages.
# "debug" will produce hidden debug messages viewable with -v.
# The converted data is set as facts which can be seen with -v, but is more readable with -vvv
avd_validate_conversion_mode: < "disabled" | "warning" | "info" | "debug" | default -> "debug" >

# Validation Mode for arista.avd.validate | Optional
# During validation, messages will generated with information about the host(s) and key(s) which failed validation.
# "disabled" means that validation will not run.
# "error" will produce error messages and fail the task.
# "warning" will produce warning messages.
# "info" will produce regular log messages.
# "debug" will produce hidden debug messages viewable with -v.
avd_validate_validation_mode: < "disabled" | "error" | "warning" | "info" | "debug" | default -> "warning" >
```

## Schema Details

> The AVD Schema format is a proprietary schema, inspired from JSON Shema, Ansible Argument Specificion and Arista

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AVD Schema format is a proprietary schema inspired by JSON Schema, Ansible Argument Specification and Arista
```

> Cloudvision Studios formats.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
CloudVision Studios formats.
```

> The AVD Schema have special features which are not supported or possible with any of the mentioned schema formats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AVD Schema has unique features which are not supported or possible with any of the mentioned schema formats.
```

Schema converters can be developed as needed.

Here is an example of a schema fragment for `bgp_as`:

```yaml
type: dict
allow_other_keys: true
keys:
  bgp_as:
    display_name: BGP AS
    description: AS number to use to configure overlay when "overlay_routing_protocol" == IBGP
    type: str
    convert_types:
      - int
```

> This fragment will be merged with other fragments during development, to form the complete role schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example will be merged with other fragments during development to form the complete role schema.
```

Reviewer 3: This needs to remain "fragment"

> For reference the full Role Schemas can be found here:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For reference, the full Role Schemas can be found here:
```

- [`eos_designs` AVD Schema](## "not ready yet - ../roles/eos_designs/schemas/eos_designs.schema.yml")
- [`eos_cli_config_gen` AVD Schema](../roles/eos_cli_config_gen/schemas/eos_cli_config_gen.schema.yml)

> The supported schema options depends of the type of variable that is described. The supported types are `int`, `bool`, `str`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The supported schema options depend on the type of variable that is described. The supported types are `int`, `bool`, `str`,
```

`dict` and `list`. The schema does not support mixed types for the same variable, but the automatic type conversion mentioned

> above, can address the usability aspect by helping the user with common mistakes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
above can address the usability aspect by helping the user with common mistakes.
```

The supported schema options for AVD Schema are described in a meta-schema using JSON Schema Draft-7 format. The meta-schema

> can be seen [here](../plugins/plugin_utils/schema/avd_meta_schema.json). Below is a more detailed description of the supported

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can be seen [here](../plugins/plugin_utils/schema/avd_meta_schema.json). In addition, below is a more detailed description of the supported
```

schema options per variable type.

All schema options (ex. `type`, `max`, `valid_values`) are validated individually, and to pass the validation, the data must
conform to all the rules given by the schema options.

> This means that the validator may report multiple errors about the same piece of data, if it violates more than on rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means that the validator may report multiple errors about the same piece of data if it violates more than on rule.
```

> This also means that a poorly written schema could potentially have conflicting schema options, which in the end may not allow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This also means that a poorly written schema could have conflicting schema options, which in the end may not allow
```

> This also means that a poorly written schema could potentially have conflicting schema options, which in the end may not allow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This also means that a poorly written schema could have conflicting schema options, which may not allow any value in
```

> any value. Ex. `required: true`, `min_length: 10` and `max_length: 5` on the same `type: str` schema, would never be satisfied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the end. Ex. `required: true`, `min_length: 10` and `max_length: 5` on the same `type: str` schema, would never be satisfied.
```

| `bool`, `int` | `str` |
| `dict`* | `list` |

\* Conversion from `dict` to `list` is only supported when `primary_key` is set on the `list` schema.

An example of input variable conversion is `bgp_as`. `bgp_as` is expected as a string (`str`) since 32-bit AS numbers can be
written with dot-notation ex. `"65001.10000"`. Most deployments only use 16-bit AS numbers ex. `bgp_as: 65001`, this value

> will be interpreted as an integer in YAML, unless it is enclosed in quotes ex. `bgp_as: "65001"`. In the schema for `bgp_as` the

Author: ```suggestion
An example of input variable conversion is `bgp_as`. `bgp_as` is expected as a string (`str`) since 32-bit AS numbers can be
written with dot-notation such as `"65001.10000"`. Most deployments use 16-bit AS numbers, where the setting `bgp_as: 65001` will be interpreted as an integer in YAML, unless it is enclosed in quotes `bgp_as: "65001"`. In the schema for `bgp_as` the
```

To allow a gracious introduction of this data-model change in late 3.x versions, the input data will be converted automatically

> and validated according to the new model.

Author: ```suggestion
The input data will be converted automatically and validated according to the new model to allow for a gracious introduction of this data-model changes in late 3.x versions.
```

- [`eos_cli_config_gen` AVD Schema](../roles/eos_cli_config_gen/schemas/eos_cli_config_gen.schema.yml)

The supported schema options depend on the type of variable that is described. The supported types are `int`, `bool`, `str`,
`dict` and `list`. The schema does not support mixed types for the same variable, but the automatic type conversion mentioned
above can address the usability aspect by helping the user with common mistakes.

The supported schema options for AVD Schema are described in a meta-schema using JSON Schema Draft-7 format. The meta-schema
can be seen [here](../plugins/plugin_utils/schema/avd_meta_schema.json). In addition, below is a more detailed description of the supported
schema options per variable type.

All schema options (ex. `type`, `max`, `valid_values`) are validated individually, and to pass the validation, the data must
conform to all the rules given by the schema options.
This means that the validator may report multiple errors about the same piece of data if it violates more than on rule.
This also means that a poorly written schema could have conflicting schema options, which may not allow any value in

> any value. Ex. `required: true`, `min_length: 10` and `max_length: 5` on the same `type: str` schema, would never be satisfied.

Author: ```suggestion
This also means that a poorly written schema could have conflicting schema options, which may not allow any value. For example `min_length: 10` and `max_length: 5` on the same `type: str` schema, would never be satisfied.
```
